## rwatts:scorpiusjs-dashboard Public API ##

Adds a Dashboard and Widgets to scorpius.

_API documentation automatically generated by [docmeteor](https://github.com/raix/docmeteor)._

-

### <a name="scorpius.links.add"></a>*scorpiuslinks*.add()&nbsp;&nbsp;<sub><i>Client</i></sub> ###

*This method __add__ is defined in `scorpius.links`*

__Returns__  *{Object}*


Adds the scorpius dashboard link to the admin panel.
Note that the showDashboardTab Option defines whether
the ordering of the link.

> ```Tracker.autorun(function(){ ...``` [scorpiusjs_dashboard_client.js:11](scorpiusjs_dashboard_client.js#L11)


-

### <a name="scorpius"></a>scorpius {function}&nbsp;&nbsp;<sub><i>Client</i></sub> ###


__Returns__  *{Object}*


Declares the scorpius namespace

> ```scorpius = scorpius;``` [scorpiusjs_dashboard_api.js:9](scorpiusjs_dashboard_api.js#L9)


-

### <a name="scorpius.dashboard"></a>*scorpius*.dashboard {function}&nbsp;&nbsp;<sub><i>Client</i></sub> ###

*This property __dashboard__ is defined in `scorpius`*

__Returns__  *{Object}*


Declares the scorpius.dashboard namespace and Object.

> ```scorpius.dashboard = { ...``` [scorpiusjs_dashboard_api.js:19](scorpiusjs_dashboard_api.js#L19)


-

### <a name="scorpius.dashboard._widgets"></a>*scorpiusdashboard*._widgets {function}&nbsp;&nbsp;<sub><i>Client</i></sub> ###

*This property ___widgets__ is defined in `scorpius.dashboard`*

__Returns__  *{[Object]}*


Declares the scorpius.dashboard._widgets array. Which is an array
of objects that are 

> ```scorpius.dashboard._widgets = [];``` [scorpiusjs_dashboard_api.js:30](scorpiusjs_dashboard_api.js#L30)


-

### <a name="scorpius.dashboard.registerWidget"></a>*scorpiusdashboard*.registerWidget({Object})&nbsp;&nbsp;<sub><i>Client</i></sub> ###

*This method __registerWidget__ is defined in `scorpius.dashboard`*

__Arguments__

* __{Object}__ *{any}*  

 data An object that contains the data to be passed to the template


__Returns__  *{Object}*
     Returns an object with data for the widet.


Registers the widget and passes the data along to the declared template.
Template must be defined within the Passed argument otherwise it will default
to the default widget template.

> ```scorpius.dashboard.registerWidget = function (data){ ...``` [scorpiusjs_dashboard_api.js:43](scorpiusjs_dashboard_api.js#L43)


-

### <a name="ReactiveTemplates.helpers"></a>*ReactiveTemplates*.helpers {function}&nbsp;&nbsp;<sub><i>Client</i></sub> ###

*This property __helpers__ is defined in `ReactiveTemplates`*

__Returns__  *{undefined}*


Pulls all widgets from the scorpius.dashboard._widgets array and passes them
along to the declared template.

> ```ReactiveTemplates.helpers(``` [scorpiusjs_dashboard_api.js:61](scorpiusjs_dashboard_api.js#L61)


